_pages/index.md, before:

---
title: ""
layout: archive
sitemap: true
permalink: /
author_profile: true
---

<img src="/assets/images/qiang_avator.jpeg" width="300px" alt="Qiang Li" align="right" />

## About

- Ph.D. Candidate
- Dept. of System Engineering & Engineering Management
- The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK)
- *Email*: qiangli [at] link.cuhk.edu.hk
- *Office*: Room 511, William M.W. Mong Engineering Building, CUHK

## Bio

I am currently a final-year PhD student in Dept. of System Engineering and Engineering Mangement in The Chinese University of Hong Kong, where I was supervised by [Prof. Hoi-To Wai.](https://www1.se.cuhk.edu.hk/~htwai/) Prior to CUHK, I earned a B.S. at the Harbin Institute of Technology, China. 

## Education

- Ph.D in Operation Research, 2020-present \
  *Department of System Engineering & Engineering Management* \
  The Chinese University of Hong Kong

- B.E. in Information and Computing Science, 2016-2020 \
  *Department of Mathematics* \
  Harbin Institute of Technology

## Honors & Awards
- CUHK Postgraduate Studentship, 2020-2024.
- National Scholarship of HIT, 2019.
- Second Class Innovation Scholarship from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of China, 2019.
- Outstanding graduates of Harbin Institute of Technology, 2020.


## :bulb: Research Interests 
My research is centered around *stochastic optimization*, *distributed optimization (multi-agent system)* and *theories in machine lerning* area. More details about my research is [here](/research/).

## Recent News
- **[Feb 2025]**: My paper titled "[Tighter Analysis for Decentralized Stochastic Gradient Method: Impact of Data Homogeneity](https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.04092)" (with Prof. Wai) has been accepted to **IEEE Transactions on Automatic Control** (full paper).
- **[Sept 2024]**: My paper titled "Stochastic Optimization Schemes for Performative Prediction with Nonconvex Loss" (with Prof. Wai) has been accepted to the **NeurIPS 2024** main conference.
- **[June 2024]**: My paper titled "[Privacy-Efficacy Tradeoff of Clipped SGD with Decision-dependent Data](https://icml.cc/virtual/2024/38255)" (with Prof. Wai and Prof. Yemini) has been accepted to **ICML 2024**, [Humans, Algorithmic Decision-Making and Society: Modeling Interactions and Impact Workshop](https://humans-algs-society.github.io/).
- **[May 2024]**: My paper titled "[Two-timescale Derivative Free Optimization for Performative Prediction with Markovian Data](https://icml.cc/virtual/2024/poster/34757)" (with Prof. Wai and Haitong Liu) has been accepted to the **ICML 2024** main conference.
- **[Sept 2022]**: My paper titled "[On the Role of Data Homogeneity in Multi-Agent Nonconvex Stochastic Optimization](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9992403)" (with Prof. Wai) was accepted to **IEEE CDC 2022**.

Commit message:

add icon and new paper icml2025

_pages/index.md, after:

---
title: ""
layout: archive
sitemap: true
permalink: /
author_profile: true
---

<img src="/assets/images/qiang_avator.jpeg" width="300px" alt="Qiang Li" align="right" />

## About

- Ph.D. Candidate
- Dept. of System Engineering & Engineering Management
- The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK)
- *Email*: qiangli [at] link.cuhk.edu.hk
- *Office*: Room 511, William M.W. Mong Engineering Building, CUHK

## Bio

I am currently a final-year PhD student in Dept. of System Engineering and Engineering Mangement in The Chinese University of Hong Kong, where I was supervised by [Prof. Hoi-To Wai.](https://www1.se.cuhk.edu.hk/~htwai/) Prior to CUHK, I earned a B.S. at the Harbin Institute of Technology, China. 

## Education

- Ph.D in Operation Research, 2020-present \
  *Department of System Engineering & Engineering Management* \
  The Chinese University of Hong Kong

- B.E. in Information and Computing Science, 2016-2020 \
  *Department of Mathematics* \
  Harbin Institute of Technology

## Honors & Awards
- CUHK Postgraduate Studentship, 2020-2024.
- National Scholarship of HIT, 2019.
- Second Class Innovation Scholarship from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of China, 2019.
- Outstanding graduates of Harbin Institute of Technology, 2020.


## :bulb: Research Interests 
My research is centered around *stochastic optimization*, *distributed optimization (multi-agent system)* and *theories in machine lerning* area. More details about my research is [here](/research/).

## Recent News

- **[May 2025]**: My paper titled "[Clipped SGD Algorithms for Performative Preidction: Tight Bounds for Stochastic Bias and Remedies](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2404.10995)" (with Prof. Wai and Prof. Yemini) has been accepted to **ICML 2025 (main conference)** 🎉.

- **[Feb 2025]**: My paper titled "[Tighter Analysis for Decentralized Stochastic Gradient Method: Impact of Data Homogeneity](https://arxiv.org/abs/2409.04092)" (with Prof. Wai) has been accepted to **IEEE Transactions on Automatic Control** (full paper).
- **[Sept 2024]**: My paper titled "Stochastic Optimization Schemes for Performative Prediction with Nonconvex Loss" (with Prof. Wai) has been accepted to the **NeurIPS 2024** main conference.
- **[June 2024]**: My paper titled "[Privacy-Efficacy Tradeoff of Clipped SGD with Decision-dependent Data](https://icml.cc/virtual/2024/38255)" (with Prof. Wai and Prof. Yemini) has been accepted to **ICML 2024**, [Humans, Algorithmic Decision-Making and Society: Modeling Interactions and Impact Workshop](https://humans-algs-society.github.io/).
- **[May 2024]**: My paper titled "[Two-timescale Derivative Free Optimization for Performative Prediction with Markovian Data](https://icml.cc/virtual/2024/poster/34757)" (with Prof. Wai and Haitong Liu) has been accepted to the **ICML 2024** main conference.
- **[Sept 2022]**: My paper titled "[On the Role of Data Homogeneity in Multi-Agent Nonconvex Stochastic Optimization](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9992403)" (with Prof. Wai) was accepted to **IEEE CDC 2022**.
